Expand documentation for irc_modes.md (#1429)
matrix-org/matrix-appservice-irc: docs/irc_modes.md

The IRC bridge admin can customise this power level mapping to however they see fit.

## Channel modes that prevent bridged users from joining

Below are some common channel modes that prevent bridged users from joining. The modes in parentheses and the examples
given are for Libera.Chat, other IRCds may have different mode letters or not have the capability at all, so consult the
help documentation of channel for other networks to find out what they support.

If a user is not able to join the IRC channel, they will be kicked from the Matrix room. The reason is given in the 

> Matrix ban, and a more verbose error is given in the user's admin room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matrix kick message, and a more verbose error is given in the user's admin room.
```
